feat(android): Expose api to handle Android 12 REQUIRE_EXACT_ALARM permission (#332)
invertase/notifee: docs/react-native/docs/triggers.md

  //...
  alarmManager: {
    allowWhileIdle: true,
  },
};
```

Please note, for iOS, a repeating trigger does not work the same as Android - the initial trigger cannot be delayed:

- `HOURLY`: the starting date and hour will be ignored, and only the minutes and seconds will be taken into the account. If the timestamp is set to trigger in 3 hours and repeat every 5th minute of the hour, the alert will not fire in 3 hours, but will instead fire immediately on the next 5th minute of the hour.
- `DAILY`: the starting day will be ignored, and only the time will be taken into account. If it is January 1 at 10 AM and you schedule a daily recurring notification for January 2 at 11 AM, it will fire on January 1 at 11 AM and every day thereafter.
- `WEEKLY`: the starting week will be ignored, and only the day and time will be taken into account.

> For more details, please see the discussion [here](https://github.com/notifee/react-native-notifee/issues/241).

### Android 12 Limitations

> Starting from Android 12, timestamp triggers cannot be created unless user specfically allow the [exact alarm permission](https://developer.android.com/about/versions/12/behavior-changes-12).

Reviewer: I don't feel really strongly here, but I slightly prefer this link - it contains a link to more info which is the original link you had here, but this is the stable documentation reference in case the behavior changes docs go away or move for whatever reason?

```suggestion
Starting from Android 12, timestamp triggers cannot be created unless user specfically allow the [exact alarm permission](https://developer.android.com/reference/android/Manifest.permission#SCHEDULE_EXACT_ALARM).
```

Author: That's great and the new link also has reference to behavior changes in itself, so it should suffice

Before you create a timestamp trigger, check whether this permission is allowed with `canCreateTimeStampTrigger`. If it's blocked, you should tell the user to allow the app to schedule alarms. You can also use `openAlarmPermissionSettings` function to display the Alarms & Reminder settings of your app.

```js
if (Notifee.canCreateTimeStampTrigger()) {
  //Create timestamp trigger
} else {

>   await Notifee.openAlarmPermissionSettings();

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // Show some user information to educate them on what exact alarm permission is,
  // and why it is necessary for your app functionality, then send them to system preferences:
  await Notifee.openAlarmPermissionSettings();
```

}
```

> Please note that when the user revoke the permission, all of the timestamp triggers will be deleted by the system. However, notifee will automatically reschedules these triggers when the user allows the alarm permission again with no need for additional code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that if the user revokes the permission via system preferences, all of the timestamp triggers will be deleted by the system. However, if you check for the permission, notice it is missing, educate the user and they grant permission again, notifee will automatically reschedule the triggers when the user allows the alarm permission again with no need for additional code.
```

- `DAILY`: the starting day will be ignored, and only the time will be taken into account. If it is January 1 at 10 AM and you schedule a daily recurring notification for January 2 at 11 AM, it will fire on January 1 at 11 AM and every day thereafter.
- `WEEKLY`: the starting week will be ignored, and only the day and time will be taken into account.

> For more details, please see the discussion [here](https://github.com/notifee/react-native-notifee/issues/241).

### Android 12 Limitations

Starting from Android 12, timestamp triggers cannot be created unless user specfically allow the [exact alarm permission](https://developer.android.com/reference/android/Manifest.permission#SCHEDULE_EXACT_ALARM). Before you create a timestamp trigger, check whether `SCHEDULE_EXACT_ALARM` permission is allowed by making a call to `getNotificationSettings`. If ` allowedTimestampTrigger` is `false`, you should educate the user on this permission and ask to allow scheduling alarms. You can then use `openAlarmPermissionSettings` function to display the Alarms & Reminder settings of your app.

```js
const settings = Notifee.getNotificationSettings();

> if (settings.android.allowedTimestampTrigger) {

Reviewer 2: @vincent-paing can we rename this to `alarm` or something more generic? The reason being is that in the future other trigger types e.g. the `IntervalTrigger` could be created with the alarm manager.

Author: @helenaford I will rename it to `alarm` to be consistent with naming for `iOSSettings`

- `HOURLY`: the starting date and hour will be ignored, and only the minutes and seconds will be taken into the account. If the timestamp is set to trigger in 3 hours and repeat every 5th minute of the hour, the alert will not fire in 3 hours, but will instead fire immediately on the next 5th minute of the hour.
- `DAILY`: the starting day will be ignored, and only the time will be taken into account. If it is January 1 at 10 AM and you schedule a daily recurring notification for January 2 at 11 AM, it will fire on January 1 at 11 AM and every day thereafter.
- `WEEKLY`: the starting week will be ignored, and only the day and time will be taken into account.

> For more details, please see the discussion [here](https://github.com/notifee/react-native-notifee/issues/241).

### Android 12 Limitations

Starting from Android 12, timestamp triggers cannot be created unless user specfically allow the [exact alarm permission](https://developer.android.com/reference/android/Manifest.permission#SCHEDULE_EXACT_ALARM). If you want to create a timestamp trigger, add the following permission to your `AndroidManifest.xml`

```xml
<manifest>
    ...

>     <uses-permission android:name="android.permission.SCHEDULE_EXACT_ALARM"/>

Reviewer 2: @vincent-paing not sure why we need this as we have this already set in the lib's manifest (https://github.com/invertase/notifee/blob/main/android/src/main/AndroidManifest.xml)

Author: Oh I didn't notice that it was already in the lib. I will remove this from the doc

Reviewer 2: thank you 😎
